README.md, before:

# Sourcegraph extension for Phabricator

Get code intelligence on Phabricator with Sourcegraph.

Check out our [docs site](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension) for more information.

## [Installation](https://https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension#option-a-single-installation-script)

1. To install Sourcegraph on your Phabricator instance run `./install.sh <path/to/phabricator/root> <sourcegraph url>` inside your Phabricator instance.
2. Restart Phabricator instance.

Requires PHP 5.5 or newer and `php-tokenizer` (a default PHP extension).

*You may delete this repository after installation*

## [Manual Installation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension#option-b-manual-installation)

1. To manually install Sourcegraph view our [documentation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension)

## [Uninstall](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension#uninstall)

1. To uninstall Sourcegraph on your Phabricator instance run `./uninstall.sh <path/to/phabricator/root>` inside your Phabricator instance.
2. Restart Phabricator instance.

## Requirements

The installation script requires PHP 5.5 or newer and `php-tokenizer` (a default PHP extension).

If you installed Phabricator using [RedpointGames/phabricator](https://github.com/RedpointGames/phabricator)
Docker command your instance will not have the default extension enabled. The installation script will prompt you to install.

Commit message:

Update Sourcegraph extension  (#5)
* Remove vendored files

* Build Phabricator integration as an extension

* Remove token conduit endpoint, update icon, add documentation

* Add short description

* Add phabricator repo config

* Add sourcegraph phabricator repo mapping to conduit API

* Update README.md

* Address documentation comments

* fix typo

* Check URL isset before fetching

* Fix README.md

* Update clone url for repo name

README.md, after:

# Sourcegraph Phabricator integration

Sourcegraph's Phabricator integration adds Sourcegraph code intelligence and search to Phabricator diffs and code files, so you get go-to-definition, find-references, hover tooltips, and code search embedded natively into Phabricator.

Check out our [docs site](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension) for more information.

## [Installation](https://https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension#option-a-single-installation-script)

1. Clone this repository to `phabricator/src/extensions/sourcegraph` (inside your Phabricator installation directory).

```
git clone -b release-v1.0 https://github.com/sourcegraph/phabricator-extension.git phabricator/src/extensions/sourcegraph
```

2. Run `bin/celerity map` to [add the static CSS/JS assets](https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabcontrib/article/adding_new_css_and_js/).

3. [Restart Phabricator](https://secure.phabricator.com/book/phabricator/article/restarting/).

## Quickstart

1. [Update the Sourcegraph site configuration](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/config/) to allow scripts on your Phabricator instance to communicate with your Sourcegraph instance:

```
{
   // ...
   "corsOrigin": "$PHABRICATOR_URL"
   // ...
}
```

2. Set the Phabricator `sourcegraph.url` configuration value to your Sourcegraph URL.

## [Full Documentation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension)

Additional configuration details and troubleshooting steps are in our [full documentation](https://about.sourcegraph.com/docs/features/phabricator-extension).

## Reporting issues

For issues with or feature requests for this integration, [file an issue](https://github.com/sourcegraph/phabricator-extension-install/issues). For any other issues or feedback related to Sourcegraph, use [sourcegraph/issues](https://github.com/sourcegraph/issues).
